Reference fix (#98)
vippsas/vipps-report-api: report-api-faq.md

or on
[SFTP report (deprecated)](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/settlements/sftp-report-service).

Match the reference on the transfer from your bank statement with the `reference` in the Report API.
When you retrieve a series of payments (made by users in the app) with
[`GET:/report/v2/ledgers/{ledgerId}/{topic}/feed`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/api/report/#tag/reportv2ledgers/paths/~1report~1v2~1ledgers~1%7BledgerId%7D~1%7Btopic%7D~1feed/get)

> in the Report API, each of those payments' `pspReference` is the `reference` for the bank payout.

Reviewer: Don't have much time now, but this is wrong..

Author: Yes, I had a conflict and it looks like I mangled it. Will make a new commit. Thanks so far!

Author: Changed, hopefully correct now. 🤞

* [`GET:/report/v2/ledgers/{ledgerId}/{topic}/dates/{ledgerDate}`][fetch-report-by-date-endpoint]
* [`GET:/report/v2/ledgers/{ledgerId}/{topic}/feed`][fetch-report-by-feed-endpoint]

> Match the `reference` in the bank statement with the `pspReference` in the Report API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Match the reference on the transfer from your bank statement with the `reference` in the Report API.
```

When you retrieve a series of payments with
[`GET:/report/v2/ledgers/{ledgerId}/{topic}/feed`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/api/report/#tag/reportv2ledgers/paths/~1report~1v2~1ledgers~1%7BledgerId%7D~1%7Btopic%7D~1feed/get)

> in the Report API, each payment’s `pspReference` is the `reference` for the bank payout.

Reviewer: No I don't understand this one...   what is a "payment" here?

Reviewer 2: @dss-vipps Hi! Does he mean "Payment entries" or "payment reports" ? something like that? If you think of a better way, just go ahead and commit it and them merge this thing so it doesn't get too old while he's away. I'm going on vacation now, too. TaTa! :-)

Author: Tried to make it clearer. Did I succeed..?
